# Budget-Sales-Analysis-project-iNeuron-

## Introduction
The  development of  globalization  in the  business world  is  becoming increasingly  rapid due  to  the presence  of increasingly  sophisticated  technology  that  supports  economic  growth.  This  can  be seen  from  the  fierce  and  creative business competition, making business people always try to  maintain their business in achieving an  expected goal.  The goal of the company is to get the maximum profit or profit, in order to finance the company's life and to make the company more developed and advanced. Therefore, in order for company activities to be more effective and efficient, a budget is needed. According  to  Mulyadi  (2015) Budget  is  a  work plan  that  is expressed  quantitatively  as  measured  in  standard monetary units and other units of measure covering a period of one year. With a budget, management directs the company's conditions. Without a  budget, in the  short term the company  will run without direction,  at the expense  of uncontrolled resources. Uncontrolled resources are of course detrimental to the company. Therefore, the sales budget has a strategic role in supporting the company to achieve its goals, namely profit. Therefore, companies need to make predictions of what will happen in the future. According  to Jay  Heizer and  Barry Render  (2011) forecasting is the art  and science  of predicting future events by involving taking historical data and projecting it into the future with a systematic approach model.
